# QuickRead

## The Inspiration
It's fairly obvious that traditional news sources like newspapers (even online publications) and television are being replaced by news transmitted by peers and influencers on social media. This is statistically true--Pew Research says as a percentage of US adults, 45% of Americans get news on Facebook. This is also anecdotally evident: a quick scroll through your NewsFeed shows you links shared by peers, from the serious--shootings, accidents, politics, and natural disasters--to the lighthearted--think BuzzFeed articles. 
It's pretty clear that there's no shortage of textual information to be synthesized on Facebook. This can create an overwhelming overload of information for some Facebook users. We wanted to find a way to make the experience of going on Facebook and using Facebook as a news source, as an increasing number of people are doing today, less cluttered and more personalized. 

## The Platform
As social media becomes increasingly popular with the youth largely spending their time on instant messaging services, it was a nautral choice to place our project on the Facebook Messenger platform. This platform places our product in the hands of millions and allows us to better integrate with the news feeds that our users read. Instead of scrolling through minefields of ads, QuickRead takes a link to any news story or article on the internet, and returns within a personalized Messenger chat for the user a brief, generated summary which represents the contents of the article. This summary is generated with the TextRank algorithm, and our tests with a variety of articles have shown strong results.
